you
hello this is Maxim machine and today
I'm going to show you how to change your
fan speed on your graphics card to make
it run cooler so you won't crash in
games you go to google and search for
rivatuner and then at the top says
rivatuner v2 11 download from guru 3
d.com click on that and then you'll see
the website you go and click download
now and then click download America and
then I agree and then you save it but
I've already got saved so I'll just that
part you bring it up and then it will
have your graphics card you go to driver
settings click on this customized and
click on the first one that looks like a
graphics card then you can see my
settings whatever they show the fan
overclocking van compatibility
bah-bah-bah good a fan and bring it
click to where you can direct control
we're gonna bring that to 100 save apply
now your computer will get like three
times as loud maybe four and that's all
you have to do to make it run better
that's all